one of the most exciting things about
working on tiny Giants was casting if
you like the the characters what we
wanted was something was kid something
had character charisma but also did
something that was utterly surprising
utterly extraordinary one of the reasons
we chose a chipmunk and a mouse is
because they're actually quite familiar
animals you might even see them in your
own backyard
and that might make you think that
they're ordinary but in fact they're
utterly extraordinary they're living
dramatic amazing lives of little
superheroes you just have to look at
them differently
one of the reasons we chose the Scorpion
Mouse as our star was that this Mouse
could outrun a snake it could avoid a
scorpion strike it could haul up the
moon it was a hunter it was feisty it
was just a superhero when we were
looking for other characters for tiny
giants you know you're you're casting
your heroes but you also of course need
your baddies and in North America with
the chipmunk the baddies there were the
other chipmunks so you have this
wonderful difference between these two
stories but full of both heroes and
their enemies and their foes and that
made good but natural and true drama the
two characters stories also complement
each other I think really well they're
both rites of passage stories really
young animals making their first stab at
independence and finding out how tough
it is to live in an adult world and I
think that's something that we can all
relate to these animals are not only
heroic but they're truly admirable
wonderful creatures to find out more
about the filming secrets of tiny giants
take a look at our behind-the-scenes
extras
you